feat(appsync): support DEBUG and INFO logging levels for AppSync GraphQL APIs (#31326)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-appsync/README.md

> To obtain the GraphQL API's log group as a `logs.ILogGroup` use the `logGroup` property of the
> `GraphqlApi` construct.
> 
> Also you can choose the log level by setting the `fieldLogLevel` property.
> 
> For more infomertion, see [CloudWatch logs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_us/appsync/latest/devguide/monitoring.html#cwl).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also you can choose the log level by setting the `logConfig.fieldLogLevel` property.

For more information, see [CloudWatch logs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_us/appsync/latest/devguide/monitoring.html#cwl).

To obtain the GraphQL API's log group as a `logs.ILogGroup` use the `logGroup` property of the
`GraphqlApi` construct.

```

Changes made to match the description before it:

```
AppSync automatically create a log group with the name `/aws/appsync/apis/<graphql_api_id>` upon deployment with
log data set to never expire. If you want to set a different expiration period, use the `logConfig.retention` property.
```

Reviewer: This section could be moved below the sample code. You can decide if you prefer.

```
To obtain the GraphQL API's log group as a `logs.ILogGroup` use the `logGroup` property of the
`GraphqlApi` construct.
```

  authorizationConfig: {},
  name: 'myApi',
  definition: appsync.Definition.fromFile(path.join(__dirname, 'myApi.graphql')),

>   logConfig:{
>     fieldLogLevel: appsync.FieldLogLevel.INFO,
>   },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  logConfig: {
    fieldLogLevel: appsync.FieldLogLevel.INFO,
    retention: logs.RetentionDays.ONE_WEEK,
  },
```

And could you remove the line 557-560?

```ts
const logConfig: appsync.LogConfig = {
  retention: logs.RetentionDays.ONE_WEEK,
};
```

Author: Thanks. 
Removed unnecessary lines.
